hi and breakfast we talked now
it's time to talk about winning
our body is arranged so that in the middle
days are active splitting
food enzyme 12 to 15 these processes
reach their peak so this
the moment must take place vitamin
full nutrition of your body
a lunch meal
lunch should be the main
eating to support us and
Tomi are energetic throughout
working day but also to end
days we didn’t get so hungry to
eat just a whole bunch of everything and lie down
sleep lunch must also contain complex
carbohydrates to give you more this year.
for the rest of the day it's like you already know not
once we talked about this buckwheat
brown rice porridge can be eaten by the way
pasta or baked potatoes also
along with complex carbohydrates it is by the way
there may be some other complex
carbohydrate budget for those that are listed
and also need to eat something protein
anything from meat or fish or poultry
it is also better to eat still throw out vegetables
if you need to support
mental activity then it can
be what kind of boiled fish and beans in
Overall a great choice of what you can
eat for dinner I thought you already
sort it out
what it can be and what is better for you
will come again you can cook
at home and take with you in a container
not to
had to go somewhere in to the spotlight from there
there is something there but actually all
lunch we also discussed with you and you know
that like breakfast lunch is very important and
in no case be missed
if you have a full breakfast and
full dinner then for dinner you do not
want datsan lights for today is the whole
stay with me subscribe to
my channel and if you have not done so
and see you tomorrow ak